- nvm use v20.18.1
- stencil bundle (validate the theme to check for any errors and creates zip file of theme)
	- By default, the zip file is created in the theme working directory where you run the command and is named using both the name and version from config.json, but you can change either of these factors using the --dest/-d and --name/-n options.
- You can upload or download themes from the BigCommerce admin panel
	- Storefront > Themes
	- Once you've found the Themes panel, you'll see both the store's currently applied theme and the list of all themes that have been uploaded or added from the Marketplace. Select "Upload Theme" to upload the zip file generated by the Stencil CLI
	- Once a theme is uploaded and validated, it can be applied to the store, and any un-applied theme can also be copied or edited in a limited way.
	- There is a limit of 20 "private" themes that can currently be uploaded to a given store. If you've reached this limit, a theme must be deleted before another can be uploaded.
- You can also automate the process using the Stencil CLI push command. The stencil push command  will perform the combined steps of bundling the theme into a zip file and uploading it to your store.
- Note that you can edit the theme files up on the store but is not recomended.
	- Some of the files will be disabled from editing.
- **Important:** If settings are modified in the productions store through the BigCommerce Admin console then you need to to a `stencil pull` to update your local `config.json` so that you don't wipe out these setting when pushing a new version of the theme.
	- stencil pull --saved
	- If it fits better with your workflow to pull your active theme's settings into a separate file before reconciling with your local `config.json`, you can provide a filename with `--filename`/`-f`.