- SurePost - carrier drops off package at post office (USPS) to be delivered. Usually something something small that mail man can deliver.
- Mark runs the warehouse
- Michael Settle - Meeting with him on refunds (pending refund) Is he the Controller?
- Return Authorizations Pending Refund Bob Test: Search Results - Was a Oracle NetSuite search.
- Ebay, Amazon, Walmart...(Market Places.) Is it automatic refund and does not go through customer service. 
- There are missing transactions or amounts??
- Channel advisor would get the return from the Market Places.
- Webhook from channel advisor to create RA (Return authorization) on our end.
- The issue with the javascript in html and not in a file was with golfbags.com
- Jamie - customer support
- The issue in the meeting was the Pending Refunds and why so many of them.
- Return number would be created in the portal by Jamie and customer service.
- You can see All Orders in Big Commerce that came through BigCommerce.
- What is BrainTree. Looks like something from PayPal. PayPal BrainTree.
	- **PayPal Braintree** is a full-stack payment platform that allows businesses to accept and process online payments. It is a service owned by PayPal and is designed for merchants who need more advanced payment solutions than what standard PayPal offers.
	- Similar to other processors like Stripe or Square.
- Could it be that there was never a refund but a replacement product was shipped?
- They were BigCommerce orders.
- Pending Refund on the Sales Order.
- Jamies Customer service database.
- What is a Sales Order compared to a Purchase Order.
- Filed a return stock
- came back in , received it and refunded against 0 dollars and then shipped them another one.
- Package protection fee was not refunded.
- Need to identify this somehow with 6000 returns.
- 0 dollar re-ship. Bob Evans need to talk to Becker about this.
- RAVR -Return Authorization Voluntary Refund. Shirt did not fit and returning for a new size.
- RAPG - Return Authorization Performance Guarantee
- Return BIR ?? Bob Evans was suggeting.
- NetSuite has a way to record use cases. But Jamie does not use it and uses some odd product to do it.
	- rockbottomcustomerservice.com
-  Product page, checkout, cart, sidecart, free shipping to deal with.
- Specific logic in SideCart
- SideCart was custom built.
- Home page, product.
- Product countdown.
- Tom and Brian design a lot of the web pages.
- Search I can look into how tied in.
	- Search results page with custom stuff in results. with banners.
- The other thing I really plan on doing with BitCommerce is getting it documented and in source code control that RBG owns and can transfer knowledge.
- I can offer to do this documentation and transfer of knowledge.
- 
